DOC-2171: improvement documentation entry for TINY-9863 in the 6.7 Release Notes (#2909)
tinymce/tinymce-docs: modules/ROOT/pages/6.7-release-notes.adoc

=== Adding a newline after a table would, in some specific cases, not work
// TINY-9863

> Previously, when pressing `Enter` after placing the cursor between a table, and a `contenteditable="false"` element, that is also wrapped within a `div` would in some cases, not add a new line to the {productname} document.
> 
> As a consequence, when a `contenteditable="false"` element was situated within the {productname} document, and after a table element, it was considered to be invalid to add a newline at that position, hence, one was not added.
> 
> {productname} 6.7 addresses this issues, which now, consider's the position valid, and adds the expected root blocks.
> 
> As a result, newlines are added to the {productname} document, as expected when the cursor is between a table, and a `contenteditable="false"` element wrapped in a `div`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Previously, when the insertion point was between a table and an element with a `contenteditable="false"` attribute that was, itself, wrapped in a `<div>`, pressing the **Enter** or **Return** key did not add a new line to the document.

{productname}, incorrectly, treated the insertion point’s location in this circumstance as not a valid place for adding a new line.

{productname} 6.7 corrects this and treats such a location as the valid place for adding a new line that it is.

As a result, new lines are added to {productname} documents, as expected, when the insertion point is between a table, and an `<div>`-wrapped element with a `contenteditable="false"` attribute.
```
